why why do you think I keep doing this
why cuz I love it cuz I can Sunday
November 16th 24/7 returns to HBO
spotlighting boxing's most popular
figure Oscar De La Hoya and the
pound-for-pound King Manny Pacquiao
the most celebrated boxer of his
generation an Olympic gold medalist
titles and six weight classes and now a
new challenge that's returned him to the
roots of his legacy well De La Hoya
trains in the California mountains 80
miles west boxing's best fighter toils
and the shadows of the Hollywood
limelight Yemen don't come up in the
home stay down Manny Pacquiao a fearless
technician whose punches carry the hopes
of an entire nation
millions of Filipino people are hoping
for victories that's my responsibility
train hard get in shape a new person and
fight as De La Hoya returns to the ring
he also seeks a final word with Freddie
Roach his former trainer now across the
ring and assured he will guide Pacquiao
to victory
I know us here pretty well trained and I
truly feel that he can't pull the
trigger if he thinks that he knows me
he's got another thing coming say that
I'm over the hill come December 6 this
around all across the globe from Mexico
and the Philippines to the Hollywood
streets in San Bernardino Mountains four
weeks of all-access
Pacquiao 24/7 premiering Sunday night
November 16th on HBO